Hello and welcome to Karatbars. This is a link to your replicated
website:

http://focus.freegold.biz/?s=letsbefree

You may send your downline to this tools page so they can create their
own replicated website:

http://focus.freegold.biz/tools/letsbefree

These are your two basic links, but I would like to give you a feel
for the flexibility of this page.

First off, let's switch it from a 12-week plan replicated site to a
12-month plan replicated site:

http://focus.freegold.biz/?s=letsbefree&period=month

So notice, that all we did was add "&period=month" to the URL and we
changed something about the page. We can configure the page even more
the same way.

Let's switch the opening video that plays:

http://focus.freegold.biz/?s=letsbefree&period=month&opener=uk

and let's try the corporate video as an opening video:

http://focus.freegold.biz/?s=letsbefree&period=month&opener=corp

You can add and remove options as much as you please. So let's present
the corporate video, but let's change period to a month, by changing
"&period=week" to "&period=month" ...

http://focus.freegold.biz/?s=letsbefree&period=month&opener=corp

# YOUR OTHER PAGES

While the replicated website you have above should be adequate for
your traditional MLM-style warm-market recruiting, we have other
replicated sites available for different purposes.

For attention hounds that want lots of details, click on the "MORE
INFORMATION" link and then click on "much, much, more". That will take
you to this link:

http://focus.freegold.biz/intro/letsbefree

This is your intro page, designed to replace the karatbarsintro.com
website created by LLoyd Merrifield of [The Karat
Group](http://www.TheKaratGroup.com). Why pay $10-$25 to him when you
can have it all with me for free as part of my organization?

## Affiliate / Internet Style Marketing

We have a [large selection of
banners](http://kbgoldintro.com/go/nettools/ads.html) available for you
to use if you wish to do affiliate or internet style marketing.

Here is your "The Superior Retirement Program" replicated site:
http://focus.freegold.biz/superior/letsbefree

Here is your "Wealth Insurance" replicated site:
http://focus.freegold.biz/ben919/letsbefree

Here is your "Paid Fast" replicated site:
http://focus.freegold.biz/paidfast/letsbefree

Here is your Corporate-supplied replicated site:
http://karatbars.com/landing/?s=letsbefree

Well, that's all for now, may the power of the binary lead to many
golden opportunities for you starting now.
